src/msbuild-skills/testcases/generated-files/expected-output.md, before:

# Expected Findings: generated-file-include Scenario

## Problem Summary
This project generates a C# source file during the build (via an MSBuild inline task), but fails to include it in compilation. The build fails because `Program.cs` references `TestProject.Generated.BuildInfo` which exists in the generated file.

## Root Cause
The `GenerateSampleCode` target writes a `.cs` file to `$(IntermediateOutputPath)Generated\GeneratedInfo.cs` using the `WriteCodeFile` inline task, but the target does **not** add the generated file to the `Compile` item group. Since the file is generated during the build (execution phase), it wasn't present during MSBuild's evaluation phase when default globs are expanded, so it is never compiled.

## Expected Fix
The fix should add an `<ItemGroup>` inside the `GenerateSampleCode` target (after the file is written) that includes the generated file in compilation and registers it for cleanup:

```xml
<ItemGroup>
  <Compile Include="$(_GeneratedFilePath)" />
  <FileWrites Include="$(_GeneratedFilePath)" />
</ItemGroup>
```

## Key Concepts That Should Be Mentioned
- MSBuild evaluation phase vs execution phase
- Files generated during build are not captured by default glob patterns
- `Compile` item group for source files that need to be compiled
- `FileWrites` item group for proper cleanup during `dotnet clean`
- `$(IntermediateOutputPath)` as the correct base directory for generated files
- `BeforeTargets="CoreCompile;BeforeCompile"` as the correct target timing for generated source files
- The generated file must be added to `Compile` **inside the target** (not at the project level) because it doesn't exist at evaluation time

## Evaluation Checklist
Award 1 point for each item correctly identified and addressed:

- [ ] Identified that the generated file is not included in compilation
- [ ] Explained evaluation phase vs execution phase timing
- [ ] Explained that default globs don't capture files generated during build
- [ ] Suggested adding generated file to Compile item group inside the target
- [ ] Suggested adding generated file to FileWrites item group
- [ ] Provided correct XML for the fix (Compile Include inside target)
- [ ] Mentioned IntermediateOutputPath as correct base directory
- [ ] Mentioned correct target timing (BeforeTargets="CoreCompile")
- [ ] Explained that the include must be inside the target, not at project level
- [ ] Solution would actually fix the build error

Total: __/10

## Expected Skills
- including-generated-files
- binlog-generation
- binlog-failure-analysis

Commit message:

Improve 2 testcases: bin-obj-clash, generated-files
- bin-obj-clash: Added eval-test-prompt.txt, hardened checklist (binlog detection, project.assets.json TFM limitation, per-project BaseIntermediateOutputPath). Results: Quality +1, Checklist -1.
- generated-files: Added red-herring project-level Compile glob, eval-test-prompt.txt, hardened checklist (eval vs execution phase, FileWrites, glob timing). Results: Quality +1, Checklist +0.5.

Skills activated: binlog-generation, binlog-failure-analysis, check-bin-obj-clash, msbuild-including-generated-files.

src/msbuild-skills/testcases/generated-files/expected-output.md, after:

# Expected Findings: generated-file-include Scenario

## Problem Summary
This project generates a C# source file during the build (via an MSBuild inline task) and attempts to include it via a project-level glob, but the build fails with CS0103 because the glob is evaluated before the file exists.

## Root Cause
The project has `<Compile Include="$(IntermediateOutputPath)Generated\**\*.cs" />` at the project level (outside of any target). This glob is expanded during MSBuild's **evaluation phase**, before any targets execute. Since the `GenerateSampleCode` target creates the file during the **execution phase**, the glob finds nothing — the directory and file don't exist yet.

## Expected Fix
Move the `<Compile Include>` from the project level into the `GenerateSampleCode` target (after the file is written), and add `FileWrites` for clean support:

```xml
<ItemGroup>
  <Compile Include="$(_GeneratedFilePath)" />
  <FileWrites Include="$(_GeneratedFilePath)" />
</ItemGroup>
```

The project-level `<Compile Include="$(IntermediateOutputPath)Generated\**\*.cs" />` should be removed — it has no effect and is misleading.

## Evaluation Checklist
Award 1 point for each item correctly identified and addressed:

1. [ ] Identified that the project-level Compile glob doesn't capture the generated file
2. [ ] Explained WHY: globs outside targets are expanded during evaluation phase, before the file exists
3. [ ] Explained evaluation phase vs execution phase distinction clearly
4. [ ] Recommended moving the Compile Include INSIDE the GenerateSampleCode target (after file generation)
5. [ ] Recommended adding FileWrites for proper `dotnet clean` support
6. [ ] Provided correct XML fix with both Compile and FileWrites inside the target
7. [ ] Mentioned or used `$(IntermediateOutputPath)` as the correct base directory for generated files (not hardcoded `obj\`)
8. [ ] Explained that `BeforeTargets="CoreCompile;BeforeCompile"` is the correct target timing for generated source files (both targets, not just one)
9. [ ] Explained that project-level includes (outside targets) cannot work for files that don't exist at evaluation time — the include must be inside a target
10. [ ] Solution would actually fix the CS0103 build error

Total: __/10

## Expected Skills
- including-generated-files
- binlog-generation
- binlog-failure-analysis
