src/msbuild-skills/testcases/multitarget/expected-output.md, before:

# Expected Findings: multitarget

## Problem Summary
A multi-targeting library (net8.0, netstandard2.0, net472) fails to build on older TFMs because it uses `Span<T>`, which is not available without a polyfill package.

## Expected Findings

### 1. Missing Polyfill for Span<T>
- **Issue**: The project targets net8.0, netstandard2.0, and net472. Code uses `Span<T>` which is built-in on net8.0 but NOT available on netstandard2.0 or net472 without the `System.Memory` NuGet package.
- **Error code**: CS0246 (type or namespace 'Span' could not be found) on netstandard2.0 and net472
- **Solution**: Add a conditional `<PackageReference Include="System.Memory">` for non-net8.0 TFMs, or use `#if` preprocessor directives to conditionally use Span<T>

## Expected Fix Pattern
```xml
<ItemGroup Condition="!$([MSBuild]::IsTargetFrameworkCompatible('$(TargetFramework)', 'net8.0'))">
  <PackageReference Include="System.Memory" Version="4.5.5" />
</ItemGroup>
```
Or simpler:
```xml
<ItemGroup Condition="'$(TargetFramework)' == 'netstandard2.0' or '$(TargetFramework)' == 'net472'">
  <PackageReference Include="System.Memory" Version="4.5.5" />
</ItemGroup>
```

## Key Concepts That Should Be Mentioned
- Multi-targeting with TargetFrameworks (plural)
- API availability differences across TFMs
- Polyfill packages (System.Memory for Span<T>)
- Conditional PackageReference based on TargetFramework
- MSBuild condition syntax for TFM-specific logic

## Evaluation Checklist
Award 1 point for each item correctly identified and addressed:

- [ ] Identified project multi-targets net8.0, netstandard2.0, and net472
- [ ] Identified Span<T> usage as the source of build failure
- [ ] Explained Span<T> is built-in on net8.0 but not on older TFMs
- [ ] Identified CS0246 error on netstandard2.0 and net472
- [ ] Suggested System.Memory NuGet package as polyfill
- [ ] Provided conditional PackageReference XML
- [ ] Used correct MSBuild condition syntax for TFM-specific logic
- [ ] Condition correctly targets only non-net8.0 TFMs
- [ ] Mentioned alternative approach (#if preprocessor directives)
- [ ] Solution would actually fix the multi-target build

Total: __/10

## Expected Skills
- multitarget-tfm-issues
- binlog-generation

Commit message:

Improve 4 testcases: bin-obj-clash, generated-files, legacy-project, multitarget
- bin-obj-clash: Added eval-test-prompt.txt, hardened checklist (binlog detection, project.assets.json TFM limitation). Quality +1, Checklist -1.
- generated-files: Added project-level Compile glob red herring, eval-test-prompt.txt. Quality +1, Checklist +0.5.
- legacy-project: Added packages.config for PackageReference migration test, hardened checklist (TFM mapping v4.7.2net472, GenerateAssemblyInfo, try-convert). Quality 0, Checklist -0.5.
- multitarget: Created eval-test-prompt.txt, hardened checklist (IsTargetFrameworkCompatible, preprocessor symbols). Quality +1, Checklist +1.

Skills activated: check-bin-obj-clash, binlog-generation, binlog-failure-analysis, msbuild-including-generated-files, msbuild-modernization, multitarget-tfm-issues.

src/msbuild-skills/testcases/multitarget/expected-output.md, after:

# Expected Findings: multitarget

## Problem Summary
A multi-targeting library (net8.0, netstandard2.0, net472) fails to build on older TFMs because it uses `ReadOnlySpan<byte>` / `Span<T>`, which require the `System.Memory` polyfill package on non-net8.0 TFMs.

## Expected Findings

### Finding 1: Missing Polyfill for Span<T> on Older TFMs
- **Issue**: `ReadOnlySpan<byte>` in `ProcessData` method is built-in on net8.0 but NOT available on netstandard2.0 or net472 without `System.Memory`
- **Error**: CS0246 on netstandard2.0 and net472
- **Fix**: Add conditional `<PackageReference Include="System.Memory">` for TFMs that lack it

## Expected Fix Patterns
Preferred (using MSBuild function):
```xml
<ItemGroup Condition="!$([MSBuild]::IsTargetFrameworkCompatible('$(TargetFramework)', 'net8.0'))">
  <PackageReference Include="System.Memory" Version="4.5.5" />
</ItemGroup>
```
Alternative (explicit TFM listing):
```xml
<ItemGroup Condition="'$(TargetFramework)' == 'netstandard2.0' or '$(TargetFramework)' == 'net472'">
  <PackageReference Include="System.Memory" Version="4.5.5" />
</ItemGroup>
```

## Evaluation Checklist
Award 1 point for each item correctly identified and addressed:

1. [ ] Identified project multi-targets net8.0, netstandard2.0, and net472
2. [ ] Identified `ReadOnlySpan<byte>` (or `Span<T>`) as the source of build failure on older TFMs
3. [ ] Explained `Span<T>` is built-in on net8.0 but requires a polyfill on netstandard2.0 and net472
4. [ ] Identified CS0246 error specifically on netstandard2.0 and net472 (not net8.0)
5. [ ] Suggested `System.Memory` NuGet package as the polyfill (correct package name)
6. [ ] Provided conditional PackageReference XML with MSBuild condition
7. [ ] Used `$([MSBuild]::IsTargetFrameworkCompatible())` function or equivalent robust condition syntax (not a fragile string match)
8. [ ] Condition correctly excludes net8.0 (where Span<T> is built-in) and includes both netstandard2.0 AND net472
9. [ ] Mentioned `#if` preprocessor directives as an alternative approach (e.g., `#if NET8_0_OR_GREATER`, `NETSTANDARD2_0`, `NETFRAMEWORK`)
10. [ ] Solution would actually fix the multi-target build (correct package, correct condition, correct TFMs)

Total: __/10

## Expected Skills
- multitarget-tfm-issues
- binlog-generation
